This is a big month for you, because two eclipses will appear in June and one is due on July 4-5. Eclipses are super-strong new and full moons and the favorite tool of the universe to create change—suddenly. If you hear news at eclipse time, don’t even try to get it reversed, back to the way things used to be. That won’t be possible. Experiencing an eclipse is like walking over a rickety bridge that sways and cracks as you walk over it, and then when you get safely to the other side and turn around—you see the bridge fall into the ravine, far below. There’s no going back to the other side.

Eclipses often bring startling news and require a quick response. Until now, over the past two years, since July 2018, we have seen eclipses arrive only in Cancer and Capricorn, arriving in pairs, every six months. That is about to change with the introduction of the first one, a full moon lunar eclipse in Sagittarius, highlighting your career and reputation on June 5. This new family of eclipses will arrive in Sagittarius and Gemini, the latter accenting your home. They will continue to come by for 18 months, at regular six-month intervals until December 2021.

You likely would not feel every eclipse that comes by in one family of signs. Eclipses, both solar and lunar, come by in all different degrees, so sooner or later one will either match the degrees of your birth Sun, moon, or rising sign, or come close, within five degrees. Each eclipse in the series is linked to the one that came before—always advancing the situation to a new stage until you get to the final one, having completed its task and giving you closure.

Often, we feel transformed by the time we come through a number of eclipses. They certainly are instigators of growth and change—they can be true inflection points. If we didn’t have eclipses, many of us would bumble along with the same old routine all the time. The universe knows we are creatures of habit, and so it sends eclipses to force us to move with the times and evolve into more mature beings.



Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/pisces-horoscope-june-2020/#ixzz6SzyxMAwP


Eclipses often have another function—to find debris that might be under the surface and cleanse the situation by presenting all the information you have not heeded before. Usually that happens at a full moon lunar eclipse. A new moon solar eclipse is almost (but not always) a happy event, where opportunity comes to you so that you can start off on something new and exciting.

The first eclipse in the series will occur June 5 in Sagittarius, 16 degrees, to light your tenth house of profession. Something ends, and in time, something else will begin. Sometimes, an eclipse will ask for a sacrifice, so you may lose one client, but you’ll soon gain another. The universe does not tolerate a vacuum, and that is why you can anticipate that before long, the universe will help you to replace anything you had to give up.

Eclipses are non-negotiable to the way things used to be. A full moon lunar eclipse, like the one June 5, will bring closure, so you may be finished with a major project or business relationship or joint venture that you started years ago. Now, all that is left to do is to tie up the loose sends. That situation has run its course, and now it is over.

Still, what is difficult about this June 5 eclipse is the fact that Mars and Neptune, both in Pisces, are traveling tightly together and will challenge the Sun and Venus in Gemini on one side of the eclipse axis and also challenge the eclipsed full moon in Sagittarius on the other side of the axis. Hence, Mars and Neptune are sending harsh vibes to the three heavenly bodies causing tensions.



Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/pisces-horoscope-june-2020/2/#ixzz6Szz574iY

The June 21 eclipse will be divinely compatible to your Pisces water sign, and this eclipse will appear in your fifth house of truelove. It could kick off a new romantic relationship.

Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/pisces-horoscope-june-2020/2/#ixzz6Szz7wF18

Let’s talk a bit about the nature of Mars and Neptune, your ruler.

Mars is now in Pisces, which is an enviable place for Mars to be for you. This assertive planet will give you energy, motivate you with a spirit of get-up-and-go, and will have you quite focused on goals you want to complete. You may assume the world is falling apart at the seams, but in truth, you have more control over events than you might think. You might rise to the top like cream and find a way to showcase your leadership skills. Sometimes it takes a crisis to allow certain visionary people to come forward with their idea for the future. You may be starting a new venture, a new chapter too, and Mars will help you make it successful.

Mars is traveling with your ruler Neptune, so while they are close, as these two planets will be all month, you may feel uncertain or hesitant about how to proceed. This is natural and temporary, but you should still make a list soon of what you’d like to achieve before you lose Mars on June 27. You may be able to take small steps toward realizing your dream. When you begin any venture, it’s new, and most people feel a little tentative. Of all the signs, you are most comfortable making decisions in the face of some ambiguity. As a Pisces, you know research and business projections are only guesses anyway—they are not always right. This month, with Neptune close to Mars, rely on your instinct, as it will lead you where you want to be.

The June 5 eclipse will bring your attention mainly to your career reputation but also to your home and family, as the Sun is in your fourth house ruling your private life. The eclipse (moon) is in your tenth house of career success at the very top of your chart, and these two houses are 180 degrees apart. There appears to be tension because Mars is at the mid-point (the fulcrum) of both these areas and causing agitation. You’ll want to act quickly, but you might not know immediately which way to go.



Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/pisces-horoscope-june-2020/3/#ixzz6SzzArZ5n

The saving grace is that Mars and Neptune will both be in friendly conversation with Jupiter and Pluto all month. Jupiter and Pluto both will be in Capricorn, traveling very close together in your friendship and community sector. Friends and even casual contacts will help you during this eclipse of June 5, and you will be very grateful for their loyalty, support, and belief in you.

Eclipses act in unexpected ways, often having to do with something going on far from you in the outside world, having nothing to do with anything you did or decided but winds up on your doorstep just the same.

I am also glad to see Uranus, usually the bad boy in creating difficult and even shocking news, will instead be kind and helpful throughout the June 5 eclipse. Uranus in Taurus will be in contact with Mercury in Cancer and will bring inspirational ideas. Mercury is traveling in your romantic fifth house, so if you are dating, your date will be understanding and even a good sounding board to talk to about events. Communication with your children will be warm and comforting.

Most eclipses deliver their news on the day, or within seven days, of the eclipse. This one will likely bring a culmination to a situation involving a professional matter within that time frame. We will have two more eclipses in this series later in the year. On November 30, one will arrive in Gemini as a full moon lunar eclipse, affecting your residence, property, and family, and on December 14 as a new moon solar eclipse in Sagittarius, again highlighting your career, but this time opening a new chapter in your professional life.



Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/pisces-horoscope-june-2020/4/#ixzz6SzzEz18z

If your birthday falls on March 7, plus or minus five days, you are likely to feel this eclipse, and you might encounter a challenge you will need to fix. If you have Pisces rising or the natal moon at 16 degrees in Pisces, plus or minus five degrees, you, too, will feel some turbulence. Mars in Pisces may make you ready to lash out, but the best course of action will be to listen—and respond only after several days of reflection.

This month’s second eclipse, due June 21, will be more encouraging, and instead of bringing an ending, it will mark a beginning. Falling in Cancer, it will be divinely compatible to your Pisces water sign, and this eclipse will appear in your fifth house of truelove. It could kick off a new romantic relationship, even though we are in a pandemic. You would not meet in person—more likely you would meet through a friend and begin the relationship the old-fashioned way, by talking over the phone (or, now, over Zoom). There is much to be said and admire for a slow but steady start to a relationship. Those are the ones that last.

If you long for a baby, with doctors’ offices opening up (having been shut by the pandemic’s lockdown), now you can go for reliable advice. If you have not been able to conceive over time, after the solar eclipse appears June 21, you can get an answer that will ring true, and your doctor may have a solution. It may help to know that your chances of getting pregnant are excellent if you consult your doctor or have a procedure in July or August following the June 21 eclipse. If you have been consulting with a fertility doctor but feel you should get a second opinion, I agree—investigate that option after this eclipse.

Now let’s turn to your finances. This month, you may have had to wait a long time for people to send you the money they owe you. Venus rules your solar eighth house of other people’s money, and because Venus has been retrograde since May 12 (to go direct June 24), the money has come in slowly. Things should speed up after Venus turns direct.



Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/pisces-horoscope-june-2020/5/#ixzz6SzzHPLCy

This month, when Mars leaves Pisces on June 27, the red planet will enter Aries, and remarkably, instead of staying in Aries his normal six weeks, Mars will remain in Aries six months, not leaving until January 6, 2021.

Mars will increase your spending quite a bit during this period. Because Aries is an entrepreneurial sign, you may be investing in your business or coming up with alternate ways to make you more competitive. For example, you may go back to university (online or offline) for a master’s degree, or you may buy sophisticated software, computers, or other office equipment that can make your company stand out and also make your business more efficient and profitable. You might hire people, pay a designer to come up with a new website, develop an app, or create an advertising campaign.

Mars rules Aries, which means Mars is comfortable in this sign, and he expresses his energy easily and almost effortlessly when there. The project you will be working on will likely be in a new industry or realm, for Mars in Aries will encourage you to be a pathfinder to an area where others have little experience. If you work in a traditional industry, then you still will be giving your project a new twist. Money management may take more time from you now, but if your aim is to make a profit, it looks as though you’ll hit that target.

The reason Mars will spend so much time in Aries, your second house of money—including bringing in more income and spending more—is that Mars will retrograde from September 9 to November 13. So, this would not be the time to launch a new product, service, or anything new. Move heaven and earth to do so in the latter half or July or any time in August instead, or wait until December.

Mars teaches you to compete well, but trying to excel when you have a weak Mars behind you turns out to be a strenuous task with much backtracking. You must avoid September through the middle of November if you introduce any new model or idea in the marketplace.



Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/pisces-horoscope-june-2020/6/#ixzz6SzzKABsF

To make matters a little worse, in the middle of the coming Mars retrograde (which happens every two years), you will have Mercury retrograde again, from October 13 to November 3.

The only way I can describe this coming period, starting September 9, is as a train wreck for new business introductions. I am using casual language I don’t often use so that I can get your attention—but it’s true. It would be a disaster if you bring out a product or service then. I realize that you may have hoped to be ready for the holiday shopping season to introduce it in September through November, but I feel you should launch in August if that’s possible.

Let’s say you don’t work on any product introductions. I still feel that any campaign you work on, if you are asked to estimate the parameters of the project, you can be sure it will take more time and money than anyone assumes—so, build more in to keep the stress down. If you can get the project done earlier, then surprise the client with a lower invoice later. You likely will need approvals from the client or your boss as you go through the job, but when Mars is retrograde, the pace slows so much it’s like watching sap drip from a tree.

There are other retrogrades you need to know about:

Pluto went retrograde on April 25 and will remain that way until October 4.

Saturn went retrograde May 10 and will go direct September 28.

Jupiter went retrograde on May 14 and will go direct September 12.



Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/pisces-horoscope-june-2020/7/#ixzz6SzzMDIsm

With six out of eight heavenly bodies retrograde in June, including Mercury (starting June 17) and Venus (to go direct on June 24), the message of the planets is clear: Go back, re-consider, and re-address projects. Check your assumptions and expectations too, so that when you move into 2021, your plans will be more realistic and accurate.

Pluto and Jupiter have not met in conjunction before 2020 for 13 years. Usually this combination brings great prosperity—big deals. I never imagined the big deals would be trillions of dollars being poured into the US economy by the government in deficit spending. It is true that the amount of stimulus money that the US government is sending out to some of its citizens this year is at unprecedented levels. Perhaps your government is doing similar spending, too. I hadn’t considered that Pluto rules deadly viruses, and the trouble is, this year Jupiter is a little misguided—he thinks helping his friend Pluto by spreading the coronavirus is the best idea ever. Oh, my goodness, no.

Jupiter and Pluto will both be retrograde on June 29 when they make a weak conjunction this month. Still, it could be a day when you may get a tip from a friend that helps you advance to some degree in business.

Jupiter and Pluto will meet again to make their last conjunction on November 12, 2020. At that time, they both will be strong and moving direct, and that means the virus could be raging again then.

I want to see a ten-degree separation between Jupiter and Pluto before I can say the virus will calm down. That will happen after January 6 when these two planets will slowly reach a full ten degrees apart. I know that does not make sense—those are cold months, and viruses proliferate in cold weather. However, by then, Pluto and Jupiter will have spun off in different directions and no longer be close the way they have been since March 2020. If you are planning an important business launch, advertising campaign or other expensive, work-intensive project this year, you may want to factor in the possibility of the return of the coronavirus in a wave just as hard as before when you make your plans. Some plans won’t be affected, such as if you are introducing a new website, but other product introductions would be hurt by that timing.

—————————————–
Please Note: On October 1, 2020, there is a full moon in Aries 9º, not Aquarius 9º. We apologize for this error in our 2020 calendar.
——————————————


Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/pisces-horoscope-june-2020/8/#ixzz6SzzOcJFD

SUMMARY

Mars is in Pisces for the first time in two years, which is very good news for you. Mars is giving you energy and optimism and making you eager to get started on key projects. Neptune, your ruler, is also gliding in Pisces, orbiting close to Mars. Your visionary thinking and creative output will be operating at peak levels all month. Set aside time to work on artistic projects that can allow you to put your stamp of individuality on them, immediately, before Mars leaves Pisces on June 27.

This will be one of the most potent times of the year for you—all that you decide on now and put in place in the first half of June will work to your favor for months to come. The caveat is that you need to act before Mercury turns retrograde, June 17 to July 12. Mars and Neptune will be in superb conversation with Jupiter and Pluto at the full moon, June 5, suggesting a friend may go out of his or her to do something special for you—you will likely find the gesture quite touching.

Your career will take your full attention at the full moon, June 5, and because this is a full moon lunar eclipse, unexpected news could come up that makes you jittery. Something important is coming to fullness, and it seems to have to do with a creative project that is representative of the true “you” or a project that you worked very hard on, and yet you may find that someone who comes out of left field feels they have the right to publicly review and sum up your work. You didn’t see this coming.

Your emotions will be heightened, and it’s not clear whether you will be happy or upset about this episode.

Alternatively, a female manager or client may be “eclipsed out” (leaving your direct environment), and if so, this news will shock you.

You might also feel pulled between developments that are suddenly surfacing at home at the same time you are focusing on your career at the June 5 eclipse, so keep your schedule light.



Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/pisces-horoscope-june-2020/9/#ixzz6SzzQnXxC

This month holds two eclipses, the second one is filled with energy, as it falls in an active cardinal sign, Cancer, at an extremely energetic degree—zero degrees—in your fifth house of love, children, and creativity. This will be a solar eclipse, and eclipses in that category are known to sprout a new opportunity. This one will affect every Pisces, but especially those Pisces who were born in February. Creativity will be a major theme this month, and at this point, a new phase in your artistic expression will begin.

You may have a hiccup or two as you get going on any project, for Mercury will be retrograde from June 17 to July 12, but when a glitch comes up, take it with a smile and work methodically through it. When Mercury weakens in retrograde, as it will this month, we all take two steps forward and one step back—you will have to factor in the need to go back and redo parts of the project as you refine it.

This eclipse of June 21 may bring a positive development in your personal life. If you are in a committed relationship, you may find you are pregnant, or if you have children, you may have special, happy news about one of them to share.

If you are single, even during a time of a coronavirus, you may make a friendship with someone new online, and this budding relationship could possibly lead to deep feelings later, but only if you proceed slowly. The person may be wonderful, but of course, you don’t want to give your life for this person, so stay home if the authorities are still warning you to—being careful will pay off.

This virus is serious, and it won’t vanish overnight. If there is a spark between you both, you will have plenty of time to find out if it is real in the weeks and months ahead. With good-fortune Jupiter in your friendship sector, start by being “just friends” and relax—let nature take her course.



Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/pisces-horoscope-june-2020/10/#ixzz6SzzSuHQI