PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20)

Other signs cannot begin to match the emotional intensity and capacity for compassion that is part of you, dear Pisces. As a Pisces, your large and expressive eyes give away all that you are feeling. Scientists say strong emotional intelligence is what separates and elevates humans from other mammals, so proudly wear your heart on your sleeve, dear Pisces. Highly intuitive, at times even prescient, as a Pisces, you can often say something that the person you are with is thinking but had not said, a skill that always surprises friends and disarms critics.

You are reserved and somewhat quiet, so others often underestimate you, but you don’t mind—this allows you to follow your own agenda as you fly under their radar. Later, when you are ready, you can unveil your projects and will blow others away with your originality. Pisces rules non-verbal communication, the reason so many Pisces work happily as artists, musicians, dancers, sculptors, poets, makeup artists, costume designers, photographers, filmmakers, and in other areas of the arts. As a Pisces, you may also have been drawn to social work, nursing, psychology, therapy, as well as not-for-profit charity work, fundraising, and other areas where you feel you can make a difference to individuals, one-on-one.

Creative, imaginative, compassionate, selfless—you are one of a kind. When it comes to dressing, a Pisces woman will add her own special touch, often blending high-and-low clothing to create an unstructured and flowing look. You also might enjoy mixing elegant, carefully chosen vintage into your wardrobe for individuality. Your overall style is soft, with feminine fabrics, often made of silk or chiffon, layers of transparency, or evening dresses with romantic, sweetheart necklines or interesting sleeves. Shoes are extremely important to Pisces—she has many pairs of designer wear, for Pisces rules the feet—but usually will wear the same pair day after day, as those will be her most comfortable! If you are a Pisces man, you wear a great deal of black so you don’t have to think about how you will dress each morning. You may also like a vintage piece.

Pisces is considered the last sign of the zodiac, symbolizing the depths of winter with the following sign, Aries, as the first, symbolizing the start of spring. By Pisces, we find ourselves hoping spring is within reach, even though Mother Nature has given us no sure evidence that it is right around the next corner. The fruits and other provisions that had been carefully canned in the pantry or frozen for future use months ago are now are low, the reason Pisces is associated with the concept of fasting and for going off alone for meditation, prayer, and all things spiritual and religious that lead to enlightenment. Sagittarius rules the intellectual probing of dogma of religion, while Pisces rules pure belief that accompanies religion, and that springs from the heart.

It is interesting to note that the ancient astrologers wrote that each sign builds on the contributions of each of the signs that came before it. In the case of Pisces, you are a compilation of all eleven signs that run from Aries through Aquarius, and adding your own perspective is said to make Pisces the sign of ultimate wisdom, faith, and hope. Pisces rules the sea where there can be no fences. According to Joseph Campbell, the sea symbolizes the collective unconscious, where the dreams of all peoples of every time and era, race, nationality, religion, and economic strata mingle as one. This is the essence of Pisces—to see mankind as essentially united, feel the suffering of each, and be moved to help.

The need to relieve suffering in others is strong in your sign, not only among people you love and care about, but also for complete strangers, and friends are often shocked at how quickly you respond. Cry out for help and Pisces will say, “Stay right there. I will be right over.” Saying “no” is a response completely alien to Pisces—it’s something they never learned to do and never will. As a result, it is true that some people do take advantage of Pisces’ good nature, but it is also true that other friends rush to Pisces’ rescue and their defense. If a Pisces comes to realize they have been taken for granted, especially in a relationship, the little Fish will swim to a warmer place in the sea, never to return. Once you have lost your Pisces, you have no hopes of your Fish ever returning.

Sex for a Pisces is a deep experience, not to be taken lightly. To Pisces, sex is an expression of true love, and Pisces would be offended by any other intention. Pisces will not enter into a relationship lightly or quickly, but will gently test the devotion and loyalty of her intended partner first. Once committed, you will allow a floodgate of emotion toward your beloved, and you will protect your love with the highest form of fidelity.

The person who loves you will be a lucky soul, for your life together will be filled with magic and stardust. You are a visionary, a dreamer, and your relationship will be the little piece of heaven you build together against a sometimes-harsh world. Your mate will forever enjoy your imaginative, caring, and enchanting nature, for with Pisces, life is always a never-ending surprise, always wrapped in the softness of angel’s wings, and always accompanied by heartfelt feeling.



Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/learn-astrology/the-signs/pisces/#ixzz6TS92bdVY