Capricorn Horoscope For December 2020

Dear Reader,

December is such a big month on so many levels, I hardly knew where to start! I wrote more 
for this month than any month 
since I started Astrology Zone. The entire manuscript tops 50,000 words for all 12 signs, for I 
wanted you to have a solid view of what is to come in 2021. So many people had a tough year
 in 2020, and I wanted you to have something new and exciting to look forward to in the coming year.

Whenever Jupiter and Saturn change signs, the entire look and feel of life changes, too. 
Jupiter changes signs once a year, and Saturn, closer to three years. If you met Saturn’s 
demands since he entered Capricorn in December 2017, your old challenges will begin to 
melt away now. In fact, Saturn usually leaves a gift by the door as thanks to you for dealing 
with his rigors—that might come as soon as January. Both Saturn and Jupiter are moving into
 Aquarius—Saturn on December 16 and Jupiter on December 19.



Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/capricorn-horoscope-for-
december-2020/#ixzz6ftdsbTHG

Sometimes when you are on a 1,000-mile journey, it can seem interminable. Many days begin
 to look the same, so you start to think it will 
always be this way—until suddenly, and without warning, conditions change for the better.
 December could become a major turning point for you. The many months of pressure and 
the long journey toward your goals are finishing up, and you are about to see tangible rewards 
for all your hard work.

The trend you’ve been in for so long began in December of 2017, when your ruler Saturn 
entered Capricorn, a place Saturn had not toured since 1991 to 1994. We only get three visits of
 Saturn in a lifetime because Saturn takes 29.5 years to circle the Sun, so Saturn will not be back 
to visit your sign again until 2049.

Visits of Saturn to your Sun are meant to test your abilities on many fronts, and this is what you
’ve gone through for three years. Saturn teaches by using tough love, and one of Saturn’s 
most important lessons is that the accomplishments we value the most in life are the ones we 
worked hardest to achieve. Saturn teaches patience and requires complete concentration on 
goals, without distractions.

You may have been called on to sacrifice a short-term goal (or instant gratification) in favor of 
achieving a long-term gain. You did all these things for Saturn in December 2017. Early-born 
Capricorns (born in December) felt Saturn’s effect strongest in the first six months of 2018. 
Late-born Capricorns, born January 15-21, had their biggest pressures this past year, in 2020.


Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/capricorn-horoscope-for-december-2020
/#ixzz6fte37qM9

Yet all this hard work Saturn demanded from you has made you emerge stronger, leaner, and
 with an aura of authority that is attractive because it is honed by experience. Your trials and 
tribulations had purpose and merit, and now having had three years of Saturn-in-Capricorn 
testing, you are a more mature person, seasoned by life events, and ready for anything life 
might
 throw your way.

Think back to where you were at the start of 2017, and reflect on how much you’ve evolved 
since then. Congratulate yourself for personal and professional work well done.

Think of Saturn as a high-priced private advisor who has only limited time to devote to you, so 
when he does come by (at most, three times in a lifetime), he demands you pay attention, to the
 exclusion of everything else. His teaching has to be strong and memorable, for you would need 
to carry the wisdom you gain under this tutelage for three decades, until he can come back and
 give you a refresher course.

You are done with your test. When Saturn returns to Capricorn in 2049, you will find the course 
easier, for theoretically, you will have learned much of what you needed to know during Saturn’
s prior time with you. (If you have a Saturn visit in childhood, you may not have noticed the visit. 
Some astrologers feel you need to be at least 12 years old to notice strong aspects like this one.)

I love the tender full moon on December 29 because Uranus will send a friendly electric beam to 
the full moon and Sun, filing your holiday with surprises. If you are dating someone seriously, 
you may be surprised by getting—or impulsively giving—a marriage proposal. With Uranus, you 
can never tell what the surprise will be, but I can assure you, this looks like something joyful.

Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/capricorn-horoscope-for-december-2020
/2/#ixzz6fteHVR2w

Saturn teaches the value and methods you would need to follow to build a foundation for your
 future life—the deeper the foundation, 
the taller the structure you can build. From December 2017 though 2019 were the hard years.

Jupiter, the giver of gifts and luck, came into Capricorn to lift your spirits and help you grasp one
 or more of your goals. Saturn will leave Capricorn on December 16, and Jupiter will leave three 
days later, on December 19. The pressure is off. Saturn has to go somewhere in the next three 
years, so let’s start to look at that.

Saturn will enter your second house of earned income. If you are sitting there saying to yourself,
 wait, that sounds terrible, let me assure you it is not—it can be quite positive. Besides, nothing 
could be as hard as what you already went through. Any planet on the angles—the first, fourth, 
seventh, and tenth houses—acts as a wild stallion, untamed and full of power.

Any planet in Capricorn, by definition, was on the cusp of your solar first house. This year you 
had Mars in the fourth house the entire second half of 2020, and Mars will still be there until 
January 6, 2021. A planet on those four points on the horoscope aligns with the points of a 
compass (north, south, east, and west), and those points define direction. That’s why planets 
on those points are so strong.

Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/capricorn-horoscope-for-december-
2020/3/#ixzz6fteVxxcM

Saturn always leaves a gift by the door upon exiting, given to you as thanks for dealing with 
his rigors. You can expect to get a material or spiritual reward—something you dearly want—
sometime soon, very possibly in January. It could be you are finally able to buy the car you had 
your eye on (material), or you might find out you are expecting a baby (spiritual), as two examples.
 You will know when your reward arrives as it will be an unmistakable gift you want.

Now, Saturn will enter your second house and give you a financial MBA. You might examine 
how you earn, spend, save, and invest. You may think about how you handle debt, and if you 
are self-employed, how you file and pay taxes and care for your employees. To make your 
adjustment to Saturn in the second house of earned income easier, you will have Jupiter, the 
planet of good fortune, who has special dominion over finances, alongside Saturn.

Now would be the right time to share with you a scientific discovery I just happened upon that
 is quite amazing—it has bearing on you, for you have Jupiter and Saturn about to enter your 
second house of earned income this month for a long stay. Here it is:

Scientists believe that storms continually rain diamonds on Jupiter and Saturn. Until now, 
scientists have known that storms were producing diamonds on Uranus and Neptune but 
assumed the conditions were not conducive for the same to happen on Jupiter and Saturn. 
That assumption has now been revised.

Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/capricorn-horoscope-for-december-
2020/4/#ixzz6ftegCIME

In an article Mr. James Morgan wrote for BBC News on October 14, 2013, “‘Diamond rain’ 
falls on Saturn and Jupiter” (https://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-24477667), 
“New atmospheric data for the gas giants indicates that carbon is abundant in its dazzling 
crystal form. Lightning storms turn methane into soot (carbon) which as it falls hardens into 
chunks of graphite and then diamonds…, which eventually melt into a liquid sea in the planets’
 hot cores.”

These diamonds are not small. The BBC report states film stars like Elizabeth Taylor, who loved
diamonds, would be proud to wear the diamonds falling on Saturn and Jupiter—they would be 
big, not puny little diamonds. Of course, these large diamonds are uncut by jewelers because the
 last time I looked, Tiffany and Cartier have not yet set up shops on Jupiter and Saturn. That 
seems to be a minor point, though.

I want you to keep this beautiful image in your mind, dear Capricorn: in 2021, you will have 
Jupiter and Saturn “raining diamonds” in your second house of earned income. You will have 
to do your part to find the “diamonds” in your life. Saturn is known not to make the process 
easy, but Jupiter will help you by giving you a plethora of opportunities—you need to convince 
the person in charge that you are the one for the job, and then, you might uncover sources of 
income, even in the aftermath of a pandemic that has ravaged so many parts of the world 
economy.

Don’t expect to sit on your couch and wait for a call from a new employer who will offer you 
a generous salary. Life doesn’t usually work that way. You will need to burn a little midnight oil 
to find this lucrative position or client, but it is out there for you if you do. You won’t likely win
 the lottery either, so save your money (the lotto is found in a different place in your chart, the 
eighth house). The second house of income rules money that comes to you the old-fashioned 
way, by earning it.

Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/capricorn-horoscope-for-december-
2020/5/#ixzz6ftf8DglC

Under this trend started by Jupiter and Saturn, you may reevaluate how you make your living 
and decide whether or not it gives you satisfaction. As a Capricorn, you are ruled by Saturn, 
so you tend to deal objectively and rationally and take in the teachings of Saturn more easily 
than most. If you feel you must make a major career change, try to do it sometime within the 
next three years, even if you have to take a temporary pay cut to prove your worth in a new 
arena.

You may also look for ways to cut waste (do you need a subscription to that one channel you 
rarely watch?). You will become a smart shopper too—you will likely be intent on finding 
bargains and ways to buy below wholesale. If you own your own business, you will think big and 
find ways to make it grow.

Now for the really exciting part!

On December 21, we have the historic meeting of Saturn and Jupiter! This happens every 20 years,
 and they only meet one time. Astrologers have named this once-in-20-year meeting the Grand
 Conjunction. The last time they met was in Taurus, May 2000, 20 years ago. This is very important
 because Saturn and Jupiter provide the background to the coming 20 years. They influence 
society’s goals, interests, themes, politics, and the agenda of governments. The place Jupiter 
and Saturn meet influences arts and entertainment, music, fashion, and food, not only in terms 
of what we eat, but how it is grown and how it gets to us.

Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/capricorn-horoscope-for-december-
2020/6/#ixzz6ftfKnnJS

Jupiter takes 12 years to travel around the Sun and all 12 signs, and Saturn takes 29.5 years to 
take the same journey.

Here is the amazing part of these two planets in conjunction. Every time Jupiter and Saturn have 
met, reaching back to 1801, they have always met in earth signs. Over and over, they met in 
Taurus, Virgo, and Capricorn in rotation, always giving the next sign in the element its turn. Now,
 for the first time in all those years—nearly 200 years, they will meet in an air sign, Aquarius, and
 break the cycle of meeting in the earth element. From now on, for the rest of your life, they will
 only meet in air signs. In 2040, they will meet in air-sign Libra, in 2060 in air-sign Gemini, and 
then after that, 20 years later, in 2080 back to air-sign Aquarius. Astrologers have a name for this 
special event—a new 200-year cycle starting up in a new element—and it is called the Grand 
Mutation.

We are so lucky to be alive during a time to see and experience the changeover. Suddenly, what 
you know and contribute to the world will become more important than your family status or 
your ethnic background—the emphasis will be on an even playing field and what you contribute 
to others in the world, not what possessions you own or how much money you have in the bank.

Aquarius is light, mobile, analytical, and communicative. We will see advances in medicine and 
science we could never have imagined. Aquarius is particularly linked to science, so exploration of
 space and the oceans will move forward with vigor, as will solutions to protect the planet and
 endangered species. Aquarius likes to question and break tradition, and you will see new 
techniques surface in hundreds of industries. In your life, the digital age, advanced computers, 
and robots will have a strong influence on the way you make your income because the Grand 
Mutation will light your second house of salary and other earned income.

Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/capricorn-horoscope-for-december-
2020/7/#ixzz6ftfdNOXg

Three is too much to say here, so I will devote an entire newsletter to a detailed discussion of the
 Grand Mutation. You may say to me, I didn’t know you had a newsletter. I do, but I refuse to 
send out unnecessary e-mail because that would be annoying to you. I only will send you a 
newsletter when I have something important to share with you—the entire story of the Grand 
Mutation fits that criteria, for sure! I will give an overview and then address each sign.

If you would like to receive this essay (it’s free), go to the homepage of AstrologyZone. Look for 
the photo of the small lotus blossom below the compatibility box—that is where you sign up. 
It says “Join Our Newsletter.” Or just click here https://www.astrologyzone.com/newsletter/

After you do, remember to reply to the confirmation email from us. (If you don’t see it, check 
your Spam box.) Then, you will be all set.

You will be the first to read my essay, for you will be sent my newsletter a week before I post it 
on Astrology Zone’s home page or on the premium edition of my new app, “Daily Horoscope 
AstrologyZone + More by Susan Miller” (subscriber version, $4.99 a month) available on Apple 
App Store and Google Play Store. I will post on Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook to let you know
 when I am sending the essay out this month, so you can watch for it to come in your email.

After I send you my essay on the Grand Mutation, I will write another newsletter in January 
about the coming clash of Saturn and Uranus, an aspect that will happen three times in 2021—
February 17, June 14, and December 23, and then not again until January 2043.

Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/capricorn-horoscope-for-december-
2020/8/#ixzz6ftfuucTy

Rare aspects are always noticed because we have little experience with them. Saturn governs all 
that is historical and traditional, things we want to preserve and cherish. Since Saturn is your ruling 
planet, you might have a strong instinct to care for things of value from the past. Uranus, which 
rules scientific discovery and innovation, will sweep away all that this planet deems outworn and 
irrelevant to make room for all that is new and modern. Not everything will be swept away of course
—Saturn will make sure that does not happen, and with this dynamic tension, good decisions 
will surface.

This is a major feature of 2021. These two titans of the solar system, Uranus and Saturn, will clang 
and bang through 2021, each representing their side of the debate, and in the sweaty process, they
 will give birth to a new way of life for us all. You will have a starring role to play. In case you thought
 2021 would be a quiet little year, it won’t be—it will be far more exciting than you think.

In a way, it will be like smashing a mirror and creating a new one to reflect with greater clarity a 
revised, insightful vision of our collective selves and our values. It will be time to debate what we 
hold dear and what needs to go. In the process, our world will evolve and be made better for having
 had this debate.

I have one more aspect to tell you about in December, so let’s zoom back to this calendar month.

As the year winds down to a close, it will bring a big tender full moon on December 29 in Cancer,
 9 degrees. It is not an eclipse, but a very encouraging full moon that will light your seventh house 
of committed relationships. All full moons have a period of plus five days after they appear, so that
 will bring you through New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day. This year might be one for 
the record books in terms of the pure excitement you will feel from one special person in your life.


I love this full moon because Uranus will send a friendly electric beam to the full moon and Sun, 
filing your holiday with surprises. If you are dating someone seriously, you may be surprised by getting
—or impulsively giving—a marriage proposal. With Uranus, you can never tell what the surprise will be,
 but I can assure you, this looks like something joyful.

If you are married, your partner will likely bring you something special. A full moon in Cancer rules the 
home, so stay in, stay safe, and make an enchanting dinner for just the two of you.

If you are not dating and not attached, you still can still feel this dazzling full moon. You may be signing 
a new agent, manager, accountant, lawyer, or other collaborator with whom you will work in a one-on-one
 way. The aim will be to help you get ahead, and you may want to sign papers together before the end of
 the year to make this relationship official. Again, with Uranus sending such sparkling beams to the Sun 
and new moon, you are likely to be very happy about joining forces.

Make sure you know the person you are promising your heart to, for Venus and Neptune will be at odds. 
I hope you know one another well, as opposed to running off to the Elvis Chapel in Las Vegas. As I always
 say, never sign papers—including a marriage contract or license—by the light of neon. I don’t think you
 would, but I felt compelled to add this little caveat.

Money seems to come to you at this full moon, which could mean your collaborator already brings in 
business for you (or helps you save money). Alternatively, you may get very valuable gifts from loving 
relatives and friends, and possibly cash, too.

I am excited to tell you all the news in your December report. Life is changing, but for you, it is all for the 
better, dear Capricorn. Now that Saturn won’t be in Capricorn, you will feel the pressure ease and can 
turn to the future with great hope.

Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/forecasts/capricorn-horoscope-for-december-2020/10
/#ixzz6ftgPG1WI

SUMMARY

Note to Capricorn readers: There was so much important news this month, I never got to discuss the 
two eclipses, November 30 and December 14. For the past two years, you have had eclipses in your sign,
 Capricorn, and opposite sign of Cancer, but those are now over, and a new family of signs has replaced 
them, Gemini and Sagittarius. These will likely affect you in mild ways.

I will also touch on the move of Mars out of Aries and into Taurus next month on January 6, having been in 
Aries, your home sector, for months, since June 27.

Your highly romantic period will extend from January 6 to March 3, and I will touch on it below, too. You 
need not wait until next month to feel the sweep and thrill of love—Venus in Virgo is a superb place for 
you, in place from November 21 to December 15. It would be a magical time to improve your 
appearance (for both women and men) in any way you like, from getting flattering new clothes or a great
 hair cut or finding new perfume or cologne. If you want Botox, do so in the first half of December.
 (Mars rules needles and will be very friendly to the Sun on December 10.)

Your focus will still be on home and family in December, and while it might bring tension, you will likely 
make good progress on a home-related goal.

Here, then, is not so much a summary, but a review of some of the aspects I never got to above, but still 
wanted you to know about.

This has been quite an unusual year, but knowing you, you found a way to make it work for you. You’
ve had an unusually long—and possibly stressful—focus on your home life, so you may be experiencing 
vast changes, either in regard to helping an elderly relative or coping with the changing family dynamics 
as a result of welcoming a new baby. You might have had to deal with squabbling relatives or a difficult 
landlord or neighbor, as some additional examples. On the other hand, you may have moved (or soon will)
 into a beautiful new space or started working on decorating or renovating your present residence.

The accent on this private home part of your life has been going on since June 27, and having Mars in Aries, 
where it is extra-strong, is not an easy placement for any Capricorn. Mars is a rambunctious planet, even 
more so in Aries, and is known to bring noise and commotion. Mars stayed a long time in this area of your 
chart. The more typical visit is six to nine weeks, not six months.

To add to your frustration, Mars went retrograde from September 9 to November 13, so you may have faced 
delays or a setback within that period. Mars’ little brother Mercury was retrograde too, from October 13 to
 November 3, overlapping part of the period when Mars was retrograde. That was quite difficult because it’
s not wise to launch anything new, in any part of your life, with Mars and Mercury retrograde. Now that both 
have moved direct, you will be able to make rapid progress.

Mars will remain in Aries until January 6, so you may see a home-related project finish, or you could announce
 a decision regarding a home or family matter you have been trying to settle. Any tension you may have felt 
about your home or concerning a beloved relative is about to end now. This has to be good news for you.

Now let’s look at your eclipses, the first arrived November 30 in Gemini in your sixth house of work projects. 
While the major emphasis on home and family was ongoing, you appear to have been working on a complex
 work project and may have finished it on November 30, plus five days (bringing you into the early days of this
 month). It may have centered on an assignment at work, possibly one that involves writing, editing, speaking,
 code writing, or other elements of the communication arts. If so, important things usually happen on eclipses,
 so that project may have brought you into a new realm, and more may flow from it.

Alternatively, you may have scheduled medical screenings and taken proactive steps to stay healthy and fit,
 for the sixth house also rules health. If so, you may hear good news about the results—this lunar eclipse appears
 to bring upbeat news. If you need to have a procedure (not likely, but if you do), you might want to do so right 
away, just after the solar eclipse, December 14, which would afford you time to rest and have privacy.

This December 14 eclipse falls in your twelfth house, ruling productivity when in solitude, behind closed doors. 
With three heavenly bodies in Sagittarius, your assignment could have international application and popularity. 
Are you writing a book or a thesis? Hunker down after December 14, and you will have something you will be
 proud to show.

The second half of December, after the solar eclipse, will be the ideal time to start to map out a comfortable, 
well-appointed home office. If this is a goal, take steps to make it a reality. I am aware this is a very hard time to 
do anything new—everyone is in a holiday mood—but capturing the energy of the new moon solar eclipse would 
be helpful for you. Consider taking a few baby steps to get the project flowing, and perhaps, start with a vision 
board to stimulate your imagination.

In a month that seems to have much news, you will want to devote quality time to your spouse. You will get that 
ideal time at the full moon, December 29, in home-oriented Cancer. All full moons are strong for an extra five days,
 taking you to New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day. It should be a lovely, joyous, and emotionally festive full moon,
 so design a private celebration at home to make you both want to raise your glasses to toast a better year to come.









