ARIES (March 21- April 19)

As an Aries, you are highly ambitious, a fearless pioneer, supremely confident, and a natural-born leader. Your decisiveness, competitive spirit and innate ability to get right to the core of things in a very smart, practical way is an inspiration to others and makes you ideally suited for business. You are quite a self-starter, so the idea of running your own business now or in the future would likely appeal to you.

It is a priority for you to leave your fingerprints on the world, for you are highly individualistic and always enthusiastically brimming with ideas. If you are in a job that does not permit expression of your forward-thinking concepts, you’ll soon leave, disappointed and frustrated. That experience may provide the motivation to start your own business. To an Aries, progress and pioneering movement into new realms come before all, and you don’t like the feeling that your destiny is controlled or limited by another.

One of your gifts is to know exactly how to build the dream team and to rally your troops to victory. Another one of your talents is your ability to strip goals down to their essentials so that you can achieve each goal step by step. Aries is not interested in being swallowed up in distracting details. Your style exudes energy, enthusiasm, and excitement.

Ruled by Mars, you will stay active all your life and may be quite athletic. If Scorpio is the marathon runner, your energy is different—you are the sprinter of the zodiac. Chances are, you have a well-toned body that’s the envy of your friends.

In fashion, whether you are a man or a woman, you stay up on the trends. As a fire sign, you will pick and choose the parts of the styles you like and add your own creative touches to make the look of the moment your own. Aries does not like to follow dictates of others, even in fashion trends, because your need to be an individualist runs to the very core of your being. You value ease of movement, as you are always on the go.

Women Aries often prefer separates in beautiful fabrics, or sporty casual wear, depending on your work culture. Women Aries eschew ruffles and other details—simple, clean lines are you. Both sexes love smart, military looks in colors from navy to olive green. In off-hours, members of both sexes find well-fitting denim reigns supreme.

In love, at the onset, both genders enjoy the thrill of the chase and love to get the full attention of your significant other. If you are single and dating, but discover your relationship is not working, you will confront the truth head-on and leave. However, once in a secure relationship, you will remain true blue. The person who marries you will be lucky indeed, for you will keep the relationship spicy, unexpected, and full of fun throughout your years together.



Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/learn-astrology/the-signs/aries/#ixzz6TS7kgjV7