CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19)

The Mountain Goat symbolizes your sign, for you are able to ascend to the highest peaks, starting from the depths of the sea. As the path narrows and you approach the pinnacle, you pass other small animals and turtles that have given up, lying on their backs with their little legs in the air. You are the only animal able to continue on the climb, as your surefootedness will not forsake you on the exceedingly ever-narrower path as you rise above the tree line and enjoy the rarified air at the top.

You are highly ambitious, especially when it comes to your career, and as an adjunct to that, you carefully protect your reputation. Your ruler is Saturn, the planet that governs rock, bone, structure, firm foundations, hierarchy, and even the concept of time—all elements you value. In terms of time, you may often feel you are running out of time, for you seem near-obsessed with using time to maximum advantage. Many Capricorns live their lives backward, with heavy responsibility thrust on them early in life, possibly as young children charged with taking care of smaller ones. As you age—and Capricorns are considered the centenarians among us, living to well over 100—you will become more carefree and younger in your interests and approach to finding fun in your free time.

Unlike Aries, who usually needs to be self-employed to succeed, you do well in behemoth, multi-national companies where the next position above you will be clear and well defined. You can easily aim for that role.

Capricorn is a big-money sign, so you tend to be asked to oversee a responsible financial role. Your trustworthiness and sensible, practical wisdom make you a perfect choice. If anyone wanted someone to hold his or her wallet for several hours (or years), you would be the one to choose, as every dollar would be in that wallet when the person returned. If finance does not interest you, you would do well in industries that deal with items of value of the past: antiques, landmark homes, old stamps, historical autographs, gold Krugerrands and other bullion, as well as estate jewelry, as examples.

When you marry, you marry for life. Saturn, your ruler, teaches you to make long-term commitments and plans, and as a partner, you will work to build a life that will be bigger than any you could have built alone. You value stability more than any other quality and tend to look for a partner who will be a good provider so that finances won’t be a problem for your future family. This is your practical side speaking—you are not about to run to Las Vegas to marry an artist who has never sold a painting or a poem.

It may surprise you to know that some of our greatest comics are Capricorns, mainly because Saturn, your serious ruler, makes you joke about subjects we all care about quite deeply. Experts say we cannot laugh about matters that we don’t care about and hold dear. Capricorn is not afraid to confront the serious side of life and then poke a little fun at it.

Family tradition is very important to you, and you wouldn’t think of not marking the moment with a wonderful celebration for birthdays, anniversaries, or promotions. You are also careful to attend your children’s recitals and parent-teacher conferences. If a relative or friend is seriously ill, you will show your exceptional talent by bringing consistent comfort and cheer to that person. Those around you appreciate your quiet, polite, patient demeanor and the way you are able to keep your emotions even-keeled, no matter what life events are tossed at you.

Your clothing choices almost always veer toward beautiful, classically cut designs in neutral colors. You favor natural fabrics of wool, cashmere, fine cotton, silk of all kinds, and other such fibers. You love cream, milkshake white, chocolate brown, caramel, butterscotch, and old standbys of camel, black, and navy. You don’t like to think too much when getting dressed in the morning—you need preselected outfits that work like uniforms, add to your authority, and provide comfort and mobility as you go through your day. Your handbag is usually large, more of a tote than a purse to handle your many papers and folders, and created by a name designer.

People meeting you for the first time may assume you are from a pedigree family, as you remain elegantly serene, even when under stress, and use your sharp sense of realism and objectivity to solve the problem at hand. No matter how busy your schedule, you find time for family, and you may also find time for community service, charity, or humanitarian concerns. This simply gives further credence to the saying, “If you want something done right and reliably, go to a busy person.” That’s you, dear Capricorn, and why everyone marvels at you and is inspired by you.



Read more: https://www.astrologyzone.com/learn-astrology/the-signs/capricorn/#ixzz6TS8s2vmw